get out is an american horror film
written and directed by jordan peele in
2017. in it racial anxiety is explored
through the perspective of a black man
at the beginning of a movie a man walks
in a suburban neighborhood alone at
night he talks to someone on the phone
about the place being confusing as he
hangs up he notices a white car
following him
he turns around and walks in the
opposite direction when the car stops
just then a masked man attacks him and
knocks him out he then drags the man to
the car and puts him inside his trunk
chris washington is a black photographer
living somewhere in new york that day he
awaits for his girlfriend rose armitage
in his apartment
she arrives with coffee and cupcakes for
him chris is packing to leave for rose's
parents home this weekend
he asks her if they know about his race
since he is rosa's first black boyfriend
rose says they don't but assures chris
that her parents aren't racist the two
leave for the armitage house in upstate
new york the following day on their way
their car hits a deer on the road
they call the officials and inform them
about the damage the police officer
asked for chris his driver's license
even though he was not the one driving
rose stands up for her boyfriend which
chris thinks is hot the two finally
reach rose's parents estate
they welcome the two wholeheartedly and
do not seem to be uncomfortable about
chris's race her father dean armitage is
a neurosurgeon he offers to show chris
around the place as they do dean makes
subtle and unsettling comments about
black people
this black dude comes along proves them
wrong in front of the entire world
amazing by the way i i would have voted
for obama for a third term if i could
the house's groundskeeper and
housekeeper are both black people named
walter and georgina
dean acknowledges that it seems a bit
cliche and explains that the two were
hired to take care of his sick parents
but after their death he couldn't let
them go
the four of them later have a brunch
together when the topic of chris's
smoking addiction comes up dean suggests
he have a hypnotherapy session with his
wife missy who also happens to be a
psychiatrist
he boasts about a technique missy has
created that helped him recover from his
15-year addiction of nicotine chris
however politely declines
he then tells them that his mother died
in a car accident when he was 11. it was
a case of hit and run chris notices the
housekeeper georgina's weird behavior
she acts like she's on autopilot afraid
to say things that might get her in
trouble
rose's brother jeremy armitage lives at
the place and meets chris later the five
of them are having dinner together when
jeremy makes chris uncomfortable by
asking him if he has done stereotypical
black things he almost hits chris in the
name of showing him his karate moves
later that night rose apologizes to
chris on behalf of her family
chris cannot sleep that night so he puts
on his clothes and goes outside when he
is on the lawn he sees walter running
toward him at full speed he doesn't look
away or blink just when he's about to
crash into chris he swerves leaving
chris distressed then chris is startled
by georgina inside the house looking at
herself in the windows reflection
she too doesn't blink weirded out by
them he goes inside again just then
missy calls him from her study room and
asks him to sit down then she takes a
cup of tea and starts to subtly stir it
making rhythmic noises
because of the noise chris starts to get
hypnotized missy then asked him about
his mother's death and what he was doing
when it happened
chris tells her he doesn't feel
comfortable talking about it but as the
noise increases he tells her everything
he says that he was watching tv when his
mother died in the accident and that he
still blames himself for her death
as she asks more questions about his
mother chris starts getting teary but
doesn't stop answering it's as if he's
becoming his little self watching tv at
home while his mother dies in the street
he starts scratching the couch he sits
on he cannot move
missy triggers him more by blaming him
for his mother's death then she asks him
to sink into the ground sink into the
floor wait wait wait wait wait wait
physically chris is sitting on the same
couch but mentally he sinks into it he
reaches a galaxy-like place and
levitates in it his vision appears as a
screen to him far away
he is fully crying at this point missy
calls the place he is in the sunken
place she forces his eyes to close and
everything goes blank
chris wakes up on his bed panting and
covered in sweat he thinks that
everything he saw was just a dream
later he goes to take pictures in the
nearby woods
when he returns he sees walter cutting
some logs he approaches and tries
talking to him
however walter overly praises rose and
doesn't blink the whole time making
chris uncomfortable then he apologizes
for scaring him last night he also asked
chris how his session with missy went
chris is shocked knowing that last night
was not a dream
he goes back to his room and tells rose
about this
he suspects walter has a crush on rose
but she just laughs at the thought
she also apologizes for her mother's
intrusiveness
it turns out that chris doesn't want to
smoke anymore so the hypnotism had
worked several cars drive into the
armitage's driveway it's their annual
family gathering we see walter welcome
the guests as if they are his own rose
and chris arrive at the gathering too
he meets several old age white people
and feels out of place
most of them examine chris's physique
and indicate their admiration for black
figures such as tiger woods which
further unsettles chris
black is in fashion
he excuses himself to take some pictures
then he comes across another black man
named logan king
he approaches him and tells him that his
presence makes him feel more comfortable
however logan seems to act strange too
logan's wife who seems to be way older
than him approaches him as soon as she
sees him talk to chris when the two
separate chris goes in for a fist bump
but logan tries to shake his hands chris
finds this weird he then gets away from
the gathering and meets a blind man
named jim hudson in a nearby sitting
area as it turns out the man knows chris
from his paintings and has even
displayed them in his own art gallery
the two talk about jim being passionate
about paintings and photography before
going blind
chris is now walking upstairs to rose's
room as he leaves the place the guests
abruptly go silent
as if they were pretending to be talking
in front of him
in the room he sees that someone has
unplugged his phone from the charger
he notices georgina in the next room and
assumes that it was her
rose arrives at the same time chris
tells her about georgina's doings but
rose dismisses it chris then calls his
friend rod williams and tells him
everything that's going on
he also tells him he was hypnotized last
night rod warns him of white people's
sex slave fantasy and tells him to get
out of there as soon as possible
after the call georgina enters the room
and startles chris she is there to
apologize for mistakingly unplugging his
phone chris tries to tell her that it's
okay but she doesn't stop talking until
her story is finished
her smile is unsettling chris mentions
that being black in between so many
white people makes him feel
uncomfortable when suddenly georgina
gets teary
she tries to smile while tears run down
her eyes
chris is too stunned to say anything
georgina then says that the armitages
are very good people who treat her well
and walks out of the room
when chris is back at the gathering dean
introduces him to some more people
one of them asked chris about his
experience as an african-american chris
throws a question to logan as he is
black too
as he answers chris quickly tries to
snap a picture of him however the flash
goes off
logan suddenly stops talking his nose
starts to bleed he then attacks chris
yelling at him to get out of there
the other guests restrain him and take
him to missy's study to calm him down
dean claims that logan had a seizure
when he comes out of the study he is
back to his normal self and apologizes
to chris
rose and chris then go out for a walk as
dean invites the other guest to play
bingo
the couple sit by the lake and talk
chris claims that logan did not have a
seizure
when he attacked him earlier he looked
at chris like he knew him chris also
tells rose that his mother had survived
the initial hit but she died because no
one came to save her
he cries and says that he blames himself
for not saving his mom
he wants to get out of this place and
rose agrees
meanwhile we see dean auctioning with a
photo of chris behind him the blind
photographer jim wins the auction
we do not yet know what dean is selling
to him
when rose and chris get back to the
house all the guests are gone chris
sends rod the picture of logan he took
earlier rod then calls to tell him that
logan is actually andre hayworth a man
they had met once
chris finally remembers seeing him he
realizes why the man had a knowing look
on his face when he attacked him
chris then tells rose quickly pack her
bags and does the same he notices an
open cupboard in the room and starts to
snoop around
then he finds a picture of rose with a
black man he is surprised because she
had told him that he is the first black
man she had ever dated
as he looks further he sees that she has
pictures with many black people
at the end he finds a picture of her
with walter and one with her and
georgina he is beyond surprised but
keeps them back he tells rose who has
just walked into the room to take out
the car keys rose cannot find them
they both run down the stairs as she
looks for them in her bag
jeremy stands blocking the front door
chris knows for sure something is wrong
missy and dean too arrive in the room
when they ask why they are leaving at
night rose answers that chris's dog is
sick dean starts talking to chris about
the purpose of life
chris yells at rose to find the keys
quickly but just then jeremy attacks him
chris looks at rose as she shows him the
keys but tells him that he can't hand
him those
you know i can't give you the case right
babe chris realizes that she was in this
the whole time missy hits her teacup
three times making a noise that makes
chris go unconscious
she had planted a trigger during his
last hypnosis chris is now back at his
sunken place he sees everything
happening in front of him but is
paralyzed
back home rod tries calling chris
several times but his phone goes
straight to voicemail
he then looks up andre hayworth's name
on the internet and finds out that he
has been missing for the past six months
cut to the armitage's house
chris wakes up tied to a chair in the
basement he tries freeing himself but to
no avail an old tv starts playing in
front of him in the video rose's
grandfather named roman armitage
introduces himself
he talks about a supernatural procedure
called the coagula procedure it is a way
for a man to live forever
the armitage family transplants their
brains partially into black people's
bodies who have their desired features
so that they can live forever
the auction at the gathering was them
selling chris's body
jim bought it because he needed a man
with good eyesight and photography
skills the minds of the people who were
hypnotized go to the sunken place from
where they can see and hear their
surroundings but cannot react to it
andre hayworth walter and georgina all
have been hypnotized and the people who
bought their bodies have taken over them
after the video is over a tea cup makes
the same noise that missy did earlier
making chris go unconscious again
back home rod goes to the police however
they do not take him seriously so he
comes back and calls chris again
fortunately rose picks up this time she
lies and tells rod that chris had left
the place two days ago when rod asked
her what cab company he used to
investigate the case she stammers making
him suspicious she is lying like a
mother chris wakes up tied to the chair
again
the tv then arranges a video called
between chris and jim
jim explains that chris's understanding
of the procedure will increase his
success rate so he begins to explain it
to him he reveals that phase one of the
procedure was hypnotism currently
they're going through phase two this is
a mental preparation the last phase is
phase three the transplantation
after the procedure jim will live as
chris while chris will be in the sunken
place forever
then the tea cup makes a noise again
making him go unconscious
in a lab we see dean perform surgery on
gem
jeremy comes to take an unconscious
christ of the lab however as he frees
him chris knocks him out he then takes
out little cotton balls from his ears it
turns out that he had pulled it out from
the chair to cover his ears and be
immune from hypnosis
as dean comes out of the lab looking for
jeremy chris impales him with a deer
mount's horns
he then knocks a candle over setting the
lab on fire
chris encounters missy and breaks her
teacup before she can reach it the two
get into a fight after which chris
slices her face with a knife killing her
as he is about to leave jeremy attacks
from behind the two fight and chris
steps on jeremy's face several times
killing him too
when he finally gets out of the house
and drives away in a car
however he hits georgina and gets out to
save her
rose is at the entrance with a gun
pointing at chris's car georgina then
wakes up and attacks chris as it turns
out that her body is possessed by rose's
grandmother
the two crash into a tree geordina dies
but chris gets out of the car
rose follows him firing at him with her
rifle and at the same time walter
attacks him too
he is possessed by rosa's grandfather
chris somehow manages to flash a camera
at walter's face which brings him back
for some time walter takes the gun from
rose and shoots her after which he kills
himself too
an injured rose tells chris that she
loves him
he chokes her but stops before he can
kill her just then rod arrives there
with his car and takes chris away
sex slave
oh [ __ ]